Rava. Hey.
Uh. my dad's... My
dad's in the hospital.
Yeah. he had. I don't
know... I don't know what.
But. uh...
Yeah. I don't know if
he's gonna be okay.
It's... Yeah.
So...
I don't know. I'm
here with Jess.
We're just trying to
get there. What the...
Can we just find a way
around the traffic. man?
Just figure it out. Please!
Where's the ICU?
What's the situation?
Can somebody...
Excuse me.
They're working on him.
What is this part of the hospital?
I mean. is this the best section?
Uh. excuse me? Doctor. is
this the best part of the hospital?
Sorry. You know. we
just. we need to know.
The ICU is the ICU. This
is the best place for him.
Is this where you
would take your father?
I'm sorry. Can the team
have some space? Please?
Hey. here's an idea. Why don't
you worry about the medicine.
not the fucking feng shui?
Let's let the
gentleman do his job.
- Thank you.
- Come on.
- Let's do this for Dad. Come on.
- Thank you.
Sorry.
Do they know who we are?
- I don't know.
- Are they sandbagging us?
- Do they know who he is?
- I don't know.
- Shall we call Mom?
- What?
No. There's like a
million people to call.
She'd probably just make
it about herself. anyway.
Oh. come on. Your mom's a
maniac. she's not a monster.
Folks. we need you to
wait through there. please.
Yes. Hi. I'm sorry. We're
getting mixed messages here.
We have no clue what's going on.
We will be with you as soon
as we have an assessment.
Okay. well. that's not good enough.
We need to know what's happening. Now.
The socio-economic
health of multiple continents
is dependent on his well-being.
"The socio-economic
health of multiple continents"?
Kendall. Everyone. We
have an area we can go to.
They'll keep us posted.
So. look. take me through
what happened exactly.
Uh. I don't know.
exactly. It was weird.
It happened fast. we
were just sitting there...
We were just talking.
We were talking.
Shiv kind of started
- hard-balling Dad...
- I wasn't hard-balling him.
A brain hemorrhage doesn't
come from some chit-chat. asshole.
So it's definitely a brain
hemorrhage? Is that what they said?
Somebody said that. right?
- Somebody said hemorrhage?
- Or stroke? I...
- The ambulance...
- A stroke is a hemorrhage.
- It is?
- Yes.
Did someone say "hemorrhage."
or is it just us who said it?
It could be an aneurysm.
Why aren't we chasing this?
I'll chase.
Hey. uh. is there any...
Did Dad ever talk to any of
you guys about cryogenics?
You're insane.
Look. I don't want to
be given the runaround
by Dr. fucking SUNY
Purchase Medical School here.
We need to know who
the top players are. okay?
Who's the top dog in this hospital?
Have you talked to Dad's neurologist?
Kendall. stop acting like
the king of the hospital.
We're all trying to do
our best. so just fuck off.
I'm on it. Okay?
According to this. it
sounds like a stroke.
but it could be an acute
subdural hematoma.
Great. Get in there
and operate. Dr. Google.
He once talked to
me about cryogenics.
What? Wouldn't
that just be typical?
All the other billionaires are
strolling around in new bodies.
but not Dad. because we were
too embarrassed
to actually discuss it.
He didn't talk to you
about cryogenics.
- Yes. he did. Kenny.
- You talked to him about cryogenics
because you're
obsessed with cryogenics.
- I'm not really. Kendall.
- And what he didn't tell you.
- and what I'm telling you now...
- Yes?
Is that you are an idiot.
Sticks and stones. Kenny.
Yeah. I know. And on his
birthday. too? It's so shitty.
So. what's happening now?
Are you staying at the hospital?
I guess.
I mean. I think I've got
a job. but I don't know.
Logan said I did. but Marcia
was the only one to hear it. so...
And then he tragically.
you know. like. whatever.
Well. what sort of
job? Is it a good job?
I don't know. Like.
could be anything.
And I have. like. 20 bucks left.
The world is so fucked up.
I am not sending you
any more money. Greg.
- Step up.
- I'm not asking you to send me...
Look. just make sure
about the job. All right?
- Hey.
- Yeah. I know.
Hey. do you have cash?
Oh.
Yeah. uh...
- No. just my last $20.
- That's fine. Thanks.
Um...
I just got mugged by Shiv.
Born in humble circumstances
in Dundee. Scotland.
shortly before the outbreak
of the Second World War.
Logan Roy grew up in poverty.
but died one of the richest and
most powerful men in America.
His widowed mother
took the decision...
It's an ATN obituary.
They want us to okay it
in case they have to run it.
Is it nice?
I mean. it's made by
his own news division.
Doesn't say he was a prick.
I know you're busy. I know.
- You want to watch it?
- No.
I would really love to see you.
Yes. it's appropriate. It could
hardly be more appropriate.
Okay?
Yeah. okay. Okay. good.
- Hey. Jess?
- Mmm-hmm?
There's nothing in here about our mom.
Or Connor's. They need to be included.
Yeah.
Um. PJ says Aziz Kahn at
Mayo Clinic is the best there is.
Sarah says Ann Wieman at NYU.
Ann Wieman? Is that...
That's not who I have.
Well. it's the name I have.
Can you tell Sarah
to give her a call?
Sure.
- Hey. Roman.
- Uh. do you have regular?
No. I've got...
Now I'm strapped. Was
there any change at all?
Oh. hey. you guys. - What?
Could I have the change?
What is this? Already?
People are sending shit already?
It's from Lawrence
Yee at Vaulter.
Call him and tell him that
is not fucking appreciated.
Mmm-hmm.
- Kendall. I'm so sorry.
- Thank you. Gerri.
Can you give me
five? We need to talk.
Over here. okay?
Obviously the nominating
committee. the board. has a plan
in the event of
Logan's incapacitation.
Sorry. do I need to
hear this right now?
You do. In the
event that we. uh.
continue on our trajectory
of his current consciousness.
we're gonna need
to announce a plan
by around 6:30. before
the markets open.
in order to avoid a
lot of funky chowder.
Did you say "funky chowder"?
- We've set up down here.
- What have you set up?
Well. you're gonna want a place
to just be. and chill. you know.
Um. we talked to some of
the trustees of the hospital.
so everybody knows who's who.
Yeah. It's not a
war room yet. but...
- But if we need one. it's available.
- Yeah.
Jesus.
Uh. so. there's a
bathroom through there.
- Hi. Karolina.
- Hi.
Thank you. guys.
So. I have Dewi and Asha from
the nominating committee on the line.
Kendall's here. and
you're on speaker. guys.
So sorry to hear about
the news. ASHA: Likewise.
As you know. our standing plan
in the event of Logan's absence.
is to separate his CEO
and chairman roles.
You'll become acting CEO.
Frank stays on as COO.
We'll need to act fast.
Stabilize the stock price.
Dewi? Dewi?
I'm sorry.
My dad is my focus
right now. okay?
Of course. it's just that.
um. there's a problem
in terms of the optics
if what happened earlier
today between you two gets out.
I'm sorry. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Sure. Well...
And then. there's the
problem with Frank.
As in?
Logan fired him and
promoted Roman.
Roman?
Jesus.
Look. I'm sorry. I can't
get into this right now. guys.
No. no. of course.
You are in no fit state.
But here's my take. okay?
My dad got sick today. right?
I don't know. I
mean. nobody knows
when he started
acting out of character.
but. like. he didn't seem
great from the morning on.
and there's no paper on
any of the moves made today.
Right. Gerri?
Uh...
Nothing meaningful.
Yeah. it was words.
Words are just. what?
Nothing. Complicated air flow.
So...
I mean. if I was saying what
actually happened today.
it would be nothing.
Well. that certainly makes things
simpler from our point of view.
Do you think you can
get the family behind it?
Yes.
And Frank?
Sure.
Dude. can't we just talk here?
You know Connor's
invited Willa down?
Ugh. What? Here? What's
the deal with their deal?
Uh... Unlike me. he has
no sense of boundaries.
- What the fuck?
- It's stale. but it's empty. I think.
- Hello?
- You wanna do a play?
No. um. I just wanted to...
I've been thinking that
maybe this might be
really tough on Marcia.
Yeah. you're thinking that?
What. will she put all her
inheritance into gold or oil?
No. I just... No. I...
Look. I know that. like. the
trust only comes into play
if certain things happen.
Yeah. he's dead. or brain dead.
Yeah. but I was
thinking. like...
Wouldn't it be nice
for Dad to wake up
and for all of us to have
signed. like he wanted?
You know. like a nice gesture?
And if he doesn't wake up.
we've basically signed over to Marcia
the power to choose the new dad.
So...
Okay. So. for the record.
you are declining to sign
on the change of trust?
- For the record?
- Yeah.
What the fuck is
this. McCarthyism?
I'm not declining.
I'm just not...
I'm not "clining." What the...
Okay. No. Okay. just.
you know. that just seems
very shitty under
the circumstances.
What circumstances?
Well. you did make her
husband's brain explode.
- Fuck you. man!
- Ow!
- Fuck you...
- Wait. stop it!
- Stop it!
- You shit!
What. are you fucking insane?
No! No!
Get off!
He...
He doesn't deserve this.
It's just so unfair.
He's a great man.
He. like. let me come
to his birthday lunch.
And he offered me a job.
Right?
He doesn't deserve this.
And so. if there's anything
that I can do. let me know.
- Actually. there is something.
- Okay.
Can you go to the apartment
and get his bed things and slippers?
The ones with the dark checks.
You don't mind?
No. no. I'd be
respectfully. uh.
somberly willing.
Thank you.
- Now?
- Please.
Okay. All right.
Marcia. we can get Colin or
the driver to go and get his things.
I don't need this fly
buzzing in my face.
Slippers. slippers.
slippers. slippers. slippers.
Yeah. don't fuck it up.
Fucking long legs. Greg!
- Hey. I need a favor from you.
- What's up?
Um. Dad had some
papers he wanted us to sign.
and they're in some envelopes.
Just pick them up at the
house. and bring them.
- Yeah. Um. where are the papers?
- Yeah.
They're in the house somewhere.
They're just in envelopes.
They're just in the
house. You got it?
- Okay. I was imagining...
- You're fucking tall.
This is hurting my goddamn
neck. I have to go. okay?
Just find the papers.
and bring them back.
Papers. and...
They're gonna be just...
I am so done with
this conversation.
- Just handle it. okay?
- All right. Yeah.
Better not fuck this one up.
I don't want Logan Roy's newspapers
going through my trash cans.
- Oh. my God! We've killed...
- Logan.
We're bastards!
Turn that off.
Roman. no. Turn it off.
- Oh. my God! We've killed...
- Logan.
We're...
What are they saying?
Just rumors. you know.
He was taken to the hospital.
some of Twitter says he's dead.
and also a good deal
of rejoicing at our
father's potential demise.
Can we find out who these
fuckers are and. like. report them?
Or just. like. screen
grab their shit.
- Okay.
- So we know? Yeah?
So. I don't know
where Kendall is. but...
Hi. Really sorry. you guys.
Thanks. Willa.
Why don't we sit over
here. There's Ken.
That's gross.
Hey.
News is out.
Okay. right. Well...
So. um. listen.
I don't even want
to think about this.
but I just spoke to the
nominating committee. and...
The thing is that the plan is to
announce that I take over from Dad.
- Well. no.
- Excuse me?
- What do you mean?
- I mean
we're waiting for the
results of the scan.
It's a pointless conversation.
Okay. well. let's talk about it.
I can't talk about
it. I'm upset.
Hey! I'm upset too.
Not too upset to go and
fucking plot with the suits.
Fuck you! Okay?
I could hardly hear them for
the blood rushing in my ears.
Isn't there a plan
anyways? Like...
Yes. there's a plan. That's
what I'm fucking telling you.
The plan is that Frank
and I will take over...
- Frank was fired. so...
- Yeah.
Okay. Well. I mean. let's discuss.
and just see where we are. right?
I'm not doing this.
If Dad dies.
I don't want to be talking
about this shit when he dies.
He won't die.
Yeah. this is great. Thank you.
Hey. man.
Uh. sorry. I'm really sorry.
but I don't have any
money for the cab.
I'm sorry. sir. Do I know you?
Yeah. I was here a little earlier.
I got assaulted a little in there.
Um. so can you pay
for the cab. please?
She was supposed to call.
but maybe she didn't because
there's an emergency happening.
Sir. I'm sorry. I don't
know who you are.
Um...
Okay. so he's not gonna
lend me the money.
So I don't know. um...
You know. pretty much.
he owes you your money.
He owes me the...
You better give me
the money. dude.
You guys need to work
this out for yourselves.
because basically one of
you guys hasn't got $14. okay?
Yes. ma'am. Hello. Mrs. Roy?
Knock-knock.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry.
It's so weird.
I actually like hospitals.
Lots of people
don't. but they're safe.
The weird thing for
me is that I was. well...
I'd been intending
to talk to Logan.
you know. and make a proposal.
a very decent proposal. to Shiv.
Actually been meaning to
ask for his blessing for a while.
but now. it's very difficult.
You need to find the right
time for these conversations.
Right.
The weird thing
I'm thinking now is.
do you think Logan
would still like to be asked?
You know? I mean.
I know he can't reply.
but would he appreciate the
gesture if he was told about it later?
Or even in the case...
In the case of the worst case.
would it have been nice
to have asked his body?
Rumors continue to
circulate about the health of...
Hey. hey. Uh. they're ready.
They have the results.
Okay. Fuck.
Is he okay?
Yeah. Yeah. He'll be fine.
He's probably in there eating
a fucking chicken bucket
and yelling at someone.
He's had a hemorrhagic stroke.
a bleed in the deep
right hemisphere
that put pressure on the
thalamus and the brain stem.
and that's what caused
a loss of consciousness.
So. what. do you operate?
We don't do that with deep
bleeds. especially in older patients.
- He's not an older patient.
- Dude. he just turned 80.
But physically. he's. like. still in
his 70s. and he's in great shape.
The evidence is that
operating in situations like these
isn't worthwhile.
So. then. what do you do?
You can't do nothing.
Well. we will carry out
regular observations.
and hopefully we'll see
some improvement soon.
That's not good enough.
Right. Dr. Judith? That's...
It's an excellent department.
Well. thank you for your input.
but you'll understand if
we check out our options.
My assistant's been in touch
with Ann Wieman at NYU.
and we might move Dad there.
No. He stays here.
He gets better here.
Well. we can discuss.
- We'll discuss and get back to you.
- No. No discussion.
I am his next of
kin. I am his proxy.
I am in charge. Thank you.
Good. Well. we'll move
Logan to a suite in Greenberg.
I'll show you the way.
I'm sure you have some questions.
Feel free to ask me on the way up.
- I'm sorry. Ken.
- Thanks for coming over.
Okay. so look.
We don't know what's going on.
He could be fine. he could not.
Either way. he's not
gonna be back tomorrow.
so long story short.
will you carry on as COO.
step up on the board...
- Become acting chairman.
- Yes.
- No.
- What?
He fired me. Ken.
He... I...
Look. I don't know if he even
knew what he was saying.
- If his brain was working.
- His brain was working fine.
Well. whatever else.
there's no proof. legally.
- that yesterday even happened.
- That's not the problem.
- So what's the problem?
- I don't want to be chairman.
I am just an attendant lord.
here to swell a scene or two.
What the fuck does that mean?
Come on. don't do that.
We could do great
things together.
Mmm-hmm.
So what do you need. Frank?
A jazillion dollars
in unmarked bitcoin.
I don't have a price. Ken.
- Frank. I don't understand.
- We'll talk.
There's a lot of mess to
be cleaned up. Kendall.
but you can do it. son.
You can.
And there's nothing I can
say to change your mind?
I'm sorry about your father.
And good luck. Kenny.
I told Greg to bring
the change of trust.
- What?
- And when he does.
I think we should sign it.
I'm not doing anything
without my lawyer present.
Okay. Well. I'm going to sign
it. I'm getting Connor to sign it.
It's gonna make you look
pretty fucking heartless
when you don't.
Don't give me a fucking scary
look. You hit me. I will fuck you up.
Ah.
- Fuck.
- Yeah.
God. you're so annoying.
Shut up.
- Hello?
- Greg.
Hey. Did you find those
contracts Roman asked for?
Uh. I... Yes. I got them.
- Oh. I think you have the wrong ones.
- Uh. okay.
Um...
Right. What...
What shall I do?
Look. there's a
lot of confusion.
'Cause if you have any doubt.
maybe you can't find them.
and that might be simplest.
But if I do. 'cause
I think I have the right
ones here. They have...
Don't bring them in.
Did he change his mind?
No. I'm just telling
you. Don't bring them in.
Okay. Okay. All right. I get it.
So. who's the...
Like. what's the chain
of command here?
Are you the more senior sibling?
Greg. it's simple.
This is a favor I'd
like you to do for me.
and I'd like you to be discreet.
You stay for a while.
you can't find them.
you come back. Okay?
- Okay.
- Thank you.
This is better.
Uh...
Look. so. I know you
don't want to talk about this.
I'm just informing you.
Roman as a board member
and Shiv as a shareholder.
I'll be taking temporary
charge as CEO and chairman.
Frank is not interested
in the position at present.
No. I'm sorry. but even if
we were talking about this.
which we are not. it
wouldn't necessarily be you.
I'm sorry. then who
the fuck would it be?
I don't know. Anyone.
It could be me.
Are you insane?
Dad made me COO.
Uh. I don't think so. dude.
Dad wasn't thinking straight.
I think he was.
- You? The Chief Operating Officer?
- Yup.
I mean. if that wasn't a
sign he was loco in the coco.
I don't know what is.
Well. I don't see it that way.
Come on. It was a
negotiating position. Rome.
He was fucking playing you
to get you to sign
the change of trust.
Do you even know
what it fucking involves?
I mean. he conked out mid-game.
Are you calling me a dipshit?
No. I love you. man. but
you're not a serious person.
All right. fuck you. He's alive.
you're not the fucking boss.
All right! Come on. Let's
not throw shit around.
Look. we're in the
middle. so let's just sit tight.
No sudden moves.
Well. we need to move.
The markets are gonna want
to know who's behind the wheel.
We need to control
the narrative.
"Control the narrative." You
probably yell that when you cum.
"Oh. control the
narrative! Oh. control it.
"Control the narrative!"
Fuck you. We're in a
hospital. Everyone knows.
We have to say something.
No. Actually. we don't. 'Cause
no one knows how serious it is.
So we don't have
to say anything.
Actually. we do. The SEC.
There are rules. there are laws.
Oh. no! The law! Well.
we can't break the law.
Hey. Karolina?
Has a CEO ever been out of
action and people haven't been told?
Um...
Not that I can think of.
- There was Apple. but that...
- Right. but if we
wanted to drag our feet on
this. until we figure the moves.
Well. once we do know.
there's a duty to
shareholders to let people...
Yeah. but I don't
know what we know.
I mean. this could
be an allergic reaction.
- It could be the flu. It could be...
- Oh. come on.
Look at the fucking
orchids. This is out there.
It's like we're being held
hostage in the Honolulu airport.
But if we wanted to say
something. you know. other than...
It's called a lie. Shiv.
When you say the thing
that's not. that's a lie.
We'll need to make
a holding statement.
Of course. I'm open
to your suggestions
on how to finesse it.
Perfect. We'll make a decision
and get back to you shortly.
Okay.
Logan Roy. CEO and chairman
of Waystar Corporation...
So. what do you think I do?
Well. I don't know.
What did she say?
Roman said bring in the papers.
Shiv said don't bring in the papers.
Well. I guess you need to decide
which one of them is more important.
I guess Roman's in the company.
but Shiv seems like. I
don't know. more bossy.
All right. Well. can you just
take some of the papers?
Plus. I don't know
about these slippers.
Like. they're all plaid.
Does "checked" mean plaid?
'Cause then there's
gingham. there's tartan.
It's like a crisscrossed
fucking minefield.
Oh. fuck the slippers. Greg.
You have to strategize.
I'm trying to strategize.
Mom. with you.
But you won't strategize.
Hey. What's up. Kendall? You
mix me up with your sponsor?
Listen. I'm just calling
to issue a reminder.
Your pecker's in my pocket.
okay. Dickless Dickleby?
You do what I say.
Let others say what they
want. but we stay dark.
You get me? No reporting
on what went down yesterday.
the turmoil.
Well. I can do whatever I want.
because Vaulter
and our satellite sites
have editorial independence.
As set out in that piece
of paper you signed.
You know what that
piece of paper is to me?
Nothing. Okay?
I'd jerk off on that paper and
send it to you as a greeting card.
Simon says. "Mum's the word."
Motherfucker.
Hey. Sorry to
bother you so late.
Hey. let's put something together
about the Roy family shitshow.
So. and I don't
want to get into this.
but maybe we should just cut
off the whole Kendall CEO thing
so that it doesn't get painful.
Well. I mean. I'm not looking for
it. but I guess I'm already COO.
so one more step...
It's not gonna be you.
- Because?
- Come on.
- I don't know what that means.
- Yes. you do.
Well. it doesn't
matter who does it.
It's just temporary.
so anyone will do.
Yeah. sure. Anyone.
- Tom.
- Tom?
Okay. fine.
Karl.
Prick.
- Eva?
- Mmm. Cunt.
Okay. So. who?
Someone Dad trusts.
But Dad doesn't trust
anyone. except Frank.
and he fired Frank
for shits and giggles.
Gerri?
I don't love Gerri.
- But I don't hate Gerri.
- So. Gerri.
I'll talk to her.
So. Gerri. How you doing?
Oh. I'm fine.
This is where they brought
Baird. so it's a little...
Baird?
Yeah. Baird. My
husband. Shiv's godfather?
Oh. does he. um...
With the tortoise?
- Yeah.
- Fuck. yeah. of course.
- How is he?
- He's dead.
I know. I know. I remember.
You...
So. Gerri.
just wanted to say thanks for
captaining us through this shitstorm.
Um...
You do a good
job. Gerri. you. uh...
You're. um. a
real good job-doer.
I suck at the whole
corporate flirt thing.
You know. I just... I like to
lube up and fuck. you know.
- Okay.
So. um...
For me and Shiv. the whole
Kendall thing doesn't work.
So we were thinking.
general counsel.
you know where
the bodies are buried.
You probably
buried them yourself.
So.
you would have the family's
support to step in and take the reins.
Oh. that's a very generous offer.
but I'm going to have to decline.
Um...
Okay. Can I ask why?
Why I don't want the job that
makes your brain explode?
Okay. but. um...
Uh...
Gerri. excuse me. but
I've always thought of you.
and I mean this in
the best possible way.
as a stone-cold killer bitch.
Who says you don't
know how to flirt?
Okay.
Hey.
Can I get a moment alone
with you. do you think?
- I...
- Hey. have you seen this?
I'm so sorry about your father.
Thank you. Would
you give us a minute?
Yeah.
- Thanks. Willa.
- Mmm-hmm.
Tom. would you mind?
Come on. I'm not
the same as her.
Ken.
Vaulter's running a story about
how the company's in turmoil.
Don't we own him?
"Shit Show at the Fuck Factory"?
Yeah. Uncertainty. discord.
That is not a good story.
"Family gets behind
other member of family."
that's a good story.
Oh. fuck them.
I mean. when Jobs was
dying. Apple didn't say anything.
We're in a hospital.
Shiv. Everyone knows.
We can't just prop him
up and wave his hand
and say he's fine like
they did in the Politburo
or Weekend at fucking Bernie's.
I like the sound
of that. though.
Look. you can't put a
value on a human life.
except in our case.
you rather precisely can.
because when trading opens
tomorrow. we're gonna drop like a stone.
The only question
is. what's the bottom?
I think I'm the best option.
I just want to say
that if you need me to
go get sandwiches or coffee.
or step up from Regional Parks
and run North
America. I can and I will.
And that's just an
offer on the table...
- Fuck off. Tom.
- Fuck you. Kendall.
- Don't talk to Tom like that.
- It's okay. It's fine.
I was about to be announced.
I mean. how can I not
be the logical choice?
Because you were about
to be announced. Ken.
and then you weren't.
I mean. the only thing
we know for certain.
like. for absolute
certain. tonight.
is that Dad didn't want
you running the company.
So if there was a list of seven
billion people on this planet
that Dad would choose to be
boss. we know you would be last.
Dad fired you. man.
No. he did not fire me.
He said it was just
gonna take a little longer.
But he said that to be nice.
What I think he meant to say
was that he wished that Mom
gave birth to a can opener.
because at least
then it would be useful.
You're a dick.
- That's...
- Too far?
Look. the board are
offering this to me.
I don't actually
need your backing.
Yeah.
- You actually really. totally do.
- I think you do.
Yeah.
Without it. after
what Dad did to you.
I mean. we could probably
take any appointment to court.
Jesus. Shiv. we're
talking about court now?
Fuck you!
I didn't even want to talk
about this. remember?
Look. what do you
have against me?
- Nothing.
- Nothing?
Oh. you want me to actually say?
Yes. I do.
You lack killer instinct.
you're wet. you're green.
- you're intellectually insecure...
- Bullshit.
You're not emotionally
strong enough.
- you have addiction issues...
- That's enough!
I don't think all that. I'm
just trying to be Dad's voice.
Bravo. It was an
excellent impression.
I just want to say I'm
not getting involved.
- Good.
- But Shiv's right.
I'm not saying I would make
a better CEO. that's unsaid.
It's not unsaid when you say it.
No. I'm saying I'm not saying
it. so. in fact. it is unsaid.
Hey. pal. why don't you go
help Willa with her homework?
Ouch. Asshole.
Listen. why don't you
decide everything?
I don't care. I just observe.
I'm a UN white helmet. All right?
Guys. who else
are you gonna get?
I think Shiv would be great.
That's what I think.
Thanks. honey. but...
No way.
I mean. she doesn't
work in the company.
and has no experience
of the company.
and the markets would freak. but
apart from that. I agree with you.
I mean. we have options.
Sure. You could
all ask for morphine
so you can stay in your
painless fucking fantasy world
where the orchids dance
and the company is run by
a magical fucking unicorn!
Fuck your options.
- Hello. this is Greg on Greg's phone.
- Greg. How you doing?
Yeah. I'm just... Not dawdling.
You're still at the fucking
apartment? You've been there forever.
Uh. just...
I know you're picking
up PJs and all that shit.
Just grab a sweater.
maybe. also. My dad's. okay?
- Okay. Which. uh. sweater?
- It doesn't matter.
Not something washed.
Something that he's worn. maybe.
- If you find one.
- Okay. yeah.
If he's worn it. if... How am
I gonna know if it's worn?
Just smell it. Okay?
Jesus! I just want something
that smells like him. okay?
I just want that. Is
that enough for you?
Dude. that's really nice.
I would want that if this
was my situation. too.
So. um. I'll sniff
some stuff for you...
Just... Whatever. And if
you tell anyone about this.
I will cut your dick off.
And don't forget those
papers I told you to bring.
And. uh. thank you. Fuck off.
I apologize if my
bell summoned you.
Hey.
- It's like 4:00 a.m.
- Yeah. I couldn't sleep.
Put the kids to bed and thought
I was missing all the fun. so...
How are they doing?
- The kids?
- Yeah.
Um...
They're okay.
Maybe you could
bring them by tomorrow.
So they can say their.
you know. say their hellos.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
How are you feeling?
Good. Yeah.
Yeah. How am I feeling?
Fuck. Ask me another?
- Jesus. what a day for you.
- Yeah.
The nominating committee
want me to be the big boss.
Really?
But Shiv and Roman won't back
me because of what Dad said at lunch.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Oh. your family is so fucked.
I'm sorry. but... Wow.
I'm sorry.
Um...
Ken. I...
What can I say?
It's... I don't know.
Adrenaline.
- It's just my body.
- Mmm-hmm.
Hey. I'm glad you're here.
Yeah. I can tell.
- Hey. Look. Stop. Stop.
- Not now. I'm not in the mood.
There's something
I have to say to you.
- What?
- Siobhan Roy...
Oh. my God.
Will you marry me?
What the fuck? Seriously?
I love you.
And I wanted to do something
to make all this better.
And I thought. while
your dad's still with us.
wouldn't that be a nice thing?
We can get a quick wedding.
What is it about my dad
dying in a sterile environment
that screams "big
romantic gesture" to you?
Well. it's a horrible day. I
thought it would be a nice thing.
Tom. you can't
balance it out like that.
I'm not gonna give you a blow
job when your dog dies. Right?
Yeah. Okay.
It's fine. I
misjudged it. I get it.
No. I'm sorry. Honey. I'm sorry.
I'm... This is...
Let's just not have
this as the moment.
Why don't you do this
again properly another time?
No! Exactly. This
is not the moment.
This didn't happen.
Abort. Abort. abort.
Good. Okay.
But so you know...
Uh...
Yeah. whatever.
- Yes?
- Yeah.
- When it happens. yes.
Yes!
- Really?
- Yeah. I...
Yeah.
- It's such a shitshow.
- What is?
My family.
Our family.
- Our family.
- Yeah.
Hey. hey. hey.
- So. I got the slippers.
- Thank you.
Yeah. I finally found them.
Can you put them
in there. please?
Yeah.
So. you got the slippers.
Uh-huh.
I guess that makes
you Prince Charming.
I guess so.
You saying you
want to fuck Marcia?
What? No. Why
would you say that?
- That's what you just said.
- No. it isn't.
You said you were
Prince Charming.
- No. you just said that.
- I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Okay.
Do you know that. uh...
Do you know that
he gave me a job?
- What job?
- I don't know.
Okay.
- Do you know when I start?
- No. Obviously I don't know.
- Why would I know?
- I don't know.
I thought you might know 'cause
I thought everybody's talking.
and. like. might be
talking about me?
Yeah. No. everybody was
talking about you this whole time.
Everyone was only talking
about you. Cousin Greg.
I get it.
Ha-ha.
Hey. Hey.
When you figure all this out.
come in and see me. Okay?
And I'll look after you.
All right?
I'm serious. I will.
- Sure.
- Thanks. man.
That's okay.
All right. later.
Take it easy. Greg.
Yo. come here for a second.
So. listen. I've been thinking.
and this is my vision.
We go for it. me and you.
CEO and COO.
- Oh.
- Me and my homey Romey.
I thought I was a fuckhead.
Uh. dipshit. and you said that.
You said I wasn't serious.
- Sorry. It's been a long day.
- Yeah.
But. dude. seriously.
Me and you. bro.
Like. I could teach you.
And you could.
you know. teach me.
And Shiv?
I mean. you know
what Shiv's like.
Ultimately she's a
daddy's girl. Right?
I mean. she wants
to play it safe.
We're the ones with the
nuts to fucking revolutionize.
Okay. I'm not uninterested.
- All right. then. let's fucking do it.
- Well. here's the thing.
Gerri just turned
down the top job.
So does that mean something?
- Are you fucking with me?
- Nope.
Who asked Gerri?
It was broached.
- It was broached?
- Yeah.
By who? Did you broach?
- You broached it. didn't you?
- Don't pin the broach on me.
Okay? Everyone was broaching.
Just want to make
sure we trust each other.
Everything up front. okay?
- All right.
- Okay.
Shake on it or something?
Official?
Oh.
Okay.
Hi.
Oh. come on.
Hey. Hey. knock it off.
Thank you. Willa.
So. listen. I've asked
Roman to be acting COO...
- Actual COO.
- To my acting CEO.
- And you said?
- I said. "Why not?"
- Snake.
- Oh. Sis. please.
I'm trying to bring everyone
together here. I'm mediating.
- Well. I'm saying no.
- Me. too.
I thought you were a
fucking white helmet.
Sometimes a peacekeeper has to go
shoot a maniac on the perimeter. okay?
What the fuck? Why would you
say no to this. and yes to Gerri?
Gerri has been with the company
for 20 years. I know Dad trusts her.
Yeah. She's older. She's wiser.
She's a mature person. such as myself.
Uh-huh.
Well. she doesn't want it.
Okay. so in my opinion. we
should find someone else.
- Temporary.
- Okay. like who?
I don't know. someone neutral.
Eva or American Psycho. what...
- Karl.
- Karl. Yeah.
And what if it isn't temporary?
What if he uses his position
to make it permanent?
Because he wouldn't do that.
He's nice. He brought coffee.
Oh. he brought coffee.
Then we should definitely let
him take control of the company.
Dude. he's not gonna
take control of the company.
Look. it's a gamble.
It's either me and
Roman. and us as a family.
or it's Eva and Karl.
or some fuck-face suit from
the deep state of the company.
They could take the
company out of our hands.
and we'd never
get near it again.
If Dad wakes up. and he's frail.
and he's looking at the endgame.
you want to be the
one who tells him
his family business
isn't family-run anymore?
I mean. maybe you
could get away with it.
- you know. his favorite.
- Oh. fuck you.
But maybe you
wouldn't stay his favorite
if you gave away the firm.
Look. we need a
statement by 6:30.
So you just have to think.
like. bullshit aside.
who do you think.
really. Dad would prefer?
What's up. fam?
Oh. Yeah. Did
you get the papers?
- What?
- The...
The papers in the
envelope? I called you?
Dude. Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
So. no. basically?
I was thinking about your dad.
- I was up there...
- Hey. don't worry about it.
My head was just messed up.
Okay. We're gonna have to
announce. Where are we at?
While Dad is ill. the family proposes
that Kendall run the company
with Roman as COO.
I hereby concur.
Okay. Okay.
Uh. I will let the committee
know the family's position.
and pending board
approval. we can announce.
- Congratulations. Ken.
- Thanks. Gerri.
And. Roman. congratulations.
This is all very exciting.
- Difficult decision.
For the record.
I personally believe this to
be a total fucking disaster.
Okay. good.
Uh. Kendall. um.
listen. we need to talk.
I'm sorry. I just need to...
I just need a conversation
with you in private.
- What is this?
- Um...
There's just. uh. a few
things you should know.
Um...
Okay. there's no
way to put this nicely.
so forgive me for stating it baldly.
but. um. there's a huge debt problem.
What are you... No.
- Yes. $3 billion.
- No. there's not.
Fuck off. I'd know.
No one knows.
Well. me and Frank.
What about Dad?
Yeah. your dad. Hence the debt.
Gerri. what the fuck is going
on? Where did the money go?
In 1985. Logan needed cash
badly for the expansion into Parks.
so he took out a loan through
the family holding company.
He knew that besides Frank.
none of the other boards members
could see what was happening.
And then. he added that loan
to the company's
already considerable debt.
Son of a bitch.
Okay.
We can deal.
Yeah. but. Kendall. the thing is
it's secured against Waystar's stock.
and when the stock hits 130.
they can pursue repayment in full.
Which. if they decided to
do that. would eviscerate us.
Yeah. but there's
no precedent for that.
They'll never do that.
They'll renegotiate.
Well. that depends.
On what?
Well. you see. the banks know
that the man they invested in
can no longer function. and
as far as they're concerned.
you're just some
kid with nice hair.
You're making it
quite fucking difficult
to savor this moment. Gerri.
I'm sorry about that.
Don't jump.
We had hoped to see
a response by now.
but what we do know
is that he's stable.
So if you want to grab some
sleep. this is a good time.
Night. Dad.
See you soon.